# TEI-XML_assignment_2

In my encoding project, I decided to continue with one sample I identified in Assignment 1, and to compare it with two other texts of the same type and length, extracted from other books. Indeed, my project concerns the encoding of letters which come from different french epistolary works written and published in the second half of the modern era. I decided to work on this type of text because I am very interested in this kind of literature, which allows me to be immersed in a historical era that I really appreciate. Furthermore, I consider that letters from these epistolary works are quite adapted to encoding, because it includes different places and points of view, a complex plot with lots of characters and descriptions, and all this deserves to be clarified and analyzed. 
The first one, that I already used in assignment 1, is letter XXX of _Persian Letters_, written by Montesquieu in 1721. In this letter, Rica, a persian man who lives in Paris, describes the reaction of the parisians who meet him. The second text is letter CLXXV of the French novel _Les Liaisons dangereuses_, written by Laclos and published in 1782, which deals with love stories, rivalry and manipulation in the XVIIIth century's french nobility. The third text belongs to the corpus of letters written by Mme de Sévigné to her family and close friends between 1648 and 1696. Even if this corpus, contrary to the two others, is not fictive, it has been edited and is now studied as a literary work. In this letter, dedicated to her cousin the count of Bussy Rabutin, Madame de Sévigné tells a story that happened between members of their family. 
My approach consisted, in the encoding of these three letters, in a particular attention given to the names of people and groups of people, which are numerous in the sources, and to the places which, in the context of a letter, need to be clarified. 

No gen AI was used in this assignment. 
